So today I'm building a bunch of trading
bots here. You can see this is one of
them I'm looking into here and you can
see that it's been running all night. I
process I start with is research back
test and incubate. You can see it's
making buys and sells overnight. It's in
a choppy market here. P&L positive
little loss. So 3 + 3 negative.38
plus 2.4 negative 2.8 + 11 + 3 + 4 so +
5. So, it's looking like it's doing
pretty well. What I want to do here
today is dive deeper into these stats
and how this bot is running. It's using
an extended, but this is the same type
of exchange as Hyperlid or any of these
other per Dexes. I'm going to dive
deeper into this bot and build for a
bunch of other exchanges as well. And at
the end of the day, the goal is to have
automated trading bots that trade for
you 24/7, 365 while you sleep. As you
can see, this is 8:00 a.m. So, this is
30 minutes ago. This one is at 4:51 a.m.
I was in REM. 4:34 a.m. I was in REM.
10:30 last night I was in REM, dude. So
yeah, automated trading is the only way
to go in my book. I'll show you
everything. I'm Mundave. I build trading
bots chasing the same industry Jim
Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion
in. But I believe code is the great
equalizer. And these are real people,
real prophets, hundreds of them.
I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm
asking you to trust them.
mundave.com/isord.
Message anyone. Ask them. Become
friends.
Today, I'm going to use AI in order to
build trading bots that trade 247 365.
By the end of this, you're going to see
all the code. You're going to see
absolutely everything. So you as well
can have trading bots that trade for you
while you sleep, while you eat, while
you do other things. Remove all emotions
out of your trading. It's time. Okay,
let's get it, dude. I'll show you
everything here. So you can see I
already have a few bots running here.
This is a momentum bot. This is a
another momentum bot. These are on
extended. This is a market maker. Okay,
these are a bunch of different
bots on Poly Market here. I'm testing a
bunch of different ideas at all times
and
I actually need to claim a bunch of you
can see the balances are low because I
have to claim them on Poly Market. You
know how that goes. You have to claim
your cash. Today I am going to be
building for Polymarket as well. I am
going to be building for Hyperlid as
well. I'm going to go ahead and start
off with my Solana bot. You can see it
running here. And it looks like this is
the thing that has come to the top. So,
I run a Solana bot here to just almost
scan the market. You know, $1 size and
whatever floats to the top is a good,
you know, it's literally up and it's
literally trending. So, I like to run
this at all times. It's a copy bot. And
essentially, I'll be able to see what
floats to the top. So, then from there,
I can go ahead and see, hey, is it
something I want to put into uh another
bot?
maybe like a trending bot. This is just
based off of what happened in 2024.
We crushed on Solana. Also, we're the
first to trade on Hyperlid as well. So,
we're going to be building for both
platforms today. You can see here, I
want to go ahead and check out these.
But first, I want to go ahead and sell
some losers. So, I have this other bot
here that sells losers. And then I've
got this other bot here that gets
refunds. So, if you're trading on
Solana, you get refunds every time you
open up uh or you close an account. And
a lot of people don't know that. So,
let's go ahead and first open up these
and see if there's anything that catches
my eye. Now, most of this is trash.
But within the trash, there's gold.
I didn't miss anything when Solana was
popping last time because I did this
exact process I'm showing every single
day here today. here today, here
yesterday, the day before. I'm following
the RBI system research back test
implement. So, let me look at these top
ones here and see if there's anything
good. A lot of them are going to be rug
poles. Most of them are going to be rug
poles. Salana is not popping, but when
it does start popping, I will be there
first. 16 minutes ago, that's too long
ago for a trade. 16 seconds ago. Okay,
this is at least active. Okay, research
soul. I don't know what this is, but
I'll come back to it in a second. Shape
store has been here for a quite a while,
but it's only one minute ago, so it's
not a lot of trading. I'll keep it open
for now. CL1. Interesting. So, this is
oil, right? Cortical labs, but they're
naming it CL1.
Again, most of these this is like the
riskiest the riskiest part of today is
being shown right now. So, um
be careful in Solana land. Solana land.
Solana land.
Okay, so this one 6 minutes ago, not
enough volume. 8 seconds ago. Okay, so
this is being traded. I can't be mad at
it for buying it. You know, I'm just
looking to make sure that the bot is
working well. It's a bot that is looking
at other people's positions and based
off of their positions, it's going and
buying some of them based off an
algorithm as well. We built it all here
live on YouTube.
Okay, I can't be mad at this one. It
looks like it's trading scuba nick.
Okay, and like I said, this is the most
risky portion of today as I will be
trading on pers and that's risky as
well, but risky in its own way. Don't
use too much leverage, fam. So, 1 minute
ago, 2 minute ago, 3 minutes ago. Okay,
catfu here. I think I'mma close this
one. Cat fu here.
40 seconds ago, 40 seconds ago. Okay,
getting warm here. Look at this. It's
saying my swap is getting warm. How do I
make it less warm? Remember, I built
this agent for me.
Biggest ballizer.
You don't need a big
You're a resource hog.
So, let's go ahead and tell her tighten
up, dude.
Bot 26. py is an absolute resource hog.
How can we go ahead and fix this?
You can see right now it says next sec
cycle in 9 minutes, 4 minutes, whatever.
So, I would assume that this is
literally the least hogginess it should
be.
Go ahead and give me some ideas of how
to bring this back down to earth.
Interesting. I'm on miniax 2.5. Maybe
that had something to do with it. Let's
see how miniax 2.5 does here. Actually,
I don't even want to do that. How do we
switch back?
How do we look out? look at my um config
on cloud code specifically. I
essentially have a
uh something that lets me switch between
Miniax 2.5
and Claude. You know, Claude code is
through Claude and Anthropic. So, we
built in a switch be able to go back to
Opus 4.6. Can you go ahead and switch it
back to 4.6 instead of Miniax M2.5?
Thank you.
All right. So, this is Miniax M2.5, but
I'm paying for the best. Always. I have
to. It's just a game, dude. I see the
issue. Here's the main memory hogs in
bot 26. The thread pool executor with 10
threads. Dataf frame never explicitly
cleared multiple copies. Created PD
that. Okay. CSV files read repeatedly
without cleanup. No garbage collection
between cycles.
Add periodic. Okay. Delete data frames
explicitly after this. Reduce threads.
So what are those threads for? Yeah. Why
are we running 10 threads? What are they
for? Don't change anything yet. I just
want to understand this before I make a
change. Thank you.
I'll help you switch your clog code back
to 4.6. opens 4.6. Thank you because I'm
stepping on the guys every day 777. Good
to see you, Chess.
Keys in the chat.
Great question. Let me explain what
those threads are doing. So the threads
are transactions from the follow list.
Reads your follow list. people to follow
parallel API calls. Each thread calls
spy API. Why 10 threads more threads
equals faster? Yeah, but why is it
running during the next cycle in 2
minutes and 56 seconds, you know? I feel
like that should run when we need we're
about to make we need some we're about
to run that po portion, right? So,
instead of running it all the whole time
while it's sleeping, shouldn't we run it
once we're done sleeping?
Let me check your current settings to
see where Miniax is configured. Okay,
maybe I wrote that down somewhere. Let's
go ahead to my directory. I hope I did.
Didn't it
Mini Max?
Let's go ahead here.
You're right to question that, but let
me clarify. Actually, the threads don't
run during sleep. Looking at the code
again, just checks this. The threads in
thread pool executor only run when bot
26 actually executes. It's every 10
minutes when the cycle triggers during
the sleep continuation. It just sits
there. So, where is the 331 coming from?
The memory is accumulating across
cycles. It's not from threads running
during sleep. Here's what's happening.
Cycle runs. Thread executes.
Data loaded into memory. Cycle ends.
Goes to sleep. 10 minutes. The issue is
the data frames created in previous
cycle aren't being deleted.
That makes more sense. Um,
can we go ahead and fix that?
We still need that data in the CSVs. So
hopefully you're able to save them in
somewhere but not in the memory.
I see the mini max file JSON to switch
back to open 4.8. Do you have a couple
question currently active?
Just run clock code normally. It uses
same not JSON.
Now see the thing is I need you to
change the settings here because I don't
know how to do it. I need to go back.
>> Imagine you had everything you wanted.
>> Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
>> Capture that feeling.
>> That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
Done. All right. Let's go ahead and say
here, does it change back? Hopefully.
Miniax 2.5
model maybe Mini Max 2.5.
I'm cooked, dude. Whatever I did to
switch it.
It's weird because when I open it back
up, I'm still on the Miniax 2.5.
Uh I even went to slashmodel and changed
it back to Opus.
It's somewhere like in my settings
config. We made uh a flag easy make it
to make it easy to switch between Miniax
M2.5 and Opus.
Done. Here's what I changed. Fixes.
Added GC
was making DF. Okay. Then modifying it.
Now added raw data. Okay. Added cleanup
in fetch transactions from follow list.
Added cleanup and check single wallet.
added clean up in bot 26. Okay, so let's
go ahead here and say, oh snap, we need
we need Solana, it says. Okay, so let's
get some Solana in there as well.
How do we get Solana in there? Well,
dude, I got a bot for that. I got a bot
or agent for everything. A bot or an
agent for everything, dude. Let's go get
some cash back. You close these
accounts. I got 73 accounts I got to
close. I'm going to get hella cash back.
I'm getting mad cash back, B.
And then on top of that, I think I'm
going to go ahead and buy just a little
bit of Solana. Maybe like five bucks.
Now, let's go ahead and see how much
cash I get back.
Okay, let me check. Okay, so anthropic
default model. See, there we go. Look at
that. I see the issue looking back. It's
this anthropic model. These environment
variables override the model. Can you
tell me how you're switching? Yeah, I
actually don't know about that flag. So
maybe you could just go ahead and switch
that part back to Opus 4.6 so I can be
back on that. I did switch to Miniax,
but I think that was just for funsies. I
know that a lot of broke boys follow me,
so I'm just trying to help you out. I'm
going to use 4.6 opens 4.6 every day
and I understand like I I want to help
as well. So when I see an opportunity
like that, $10 a month instead of 200,
I'm going show you guys. I cooked myself
by showing you guys and that's okay
because I know at least 10 of you guys
now have access to a gentic AI and I
believe code is a great equalizer.
Done. Switch it back. Let's see if
that's fact.
That's a thing gang. It's not fact.
Um, I'm not sure if it it's working cuz
I I closed out and I got back in. And
you can see it still shows Miniax 2.5.
Same model here.
I'm Mundave. I build trading bots
chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran
up a net worth of $31 billion in.
These are real people, real prophets,
hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to
trust me. I'm asking you to trust them.
Mundav.com/isord.
Message anyone. Ask them yourself.
Maybe make a friend.
What model are you?
Want
me to restart the bot? I already did,
shorty. So, thank you. So, thank you,
Guardian Angel. I appreciate you. Notes
taking a lot up. Google Chrome taking a
lot up. Okay. Well, I mean, that makes
sense. I've got all these tabs open
here.
You can see default haiku is minax 2.5.
Data is still being saved. Good, good,
good, good.
Let's close some of these.
One minute ago, 16 seconds ago.
Okay. Do I have um
All right. I don't even have uh
MetaMask on here, dude.
I want to look through some of those
bots while she's while we're trying to
fix that. I'm going to go ahead and look
through some of my extended bots here.
because I've been running them here for
a couple days now. Well, I'm always
running them. It's just I tested some
new things and I want to go ahead and
see how they're doing.
So, account one, two, and three
starting here. Okay.
Oh, I'm building out um analyzing
extended
bots. Okay, so let's see if this is
fixed yet. I can't find anything where
those environments exist. The issue is
that your current terminal session has
these miniax various loaded from
somewhere and they're overriding.
Open a new terminal, not a new tab in
the same window. Try clog code there.
That's a good good way to look at it
actually.
So, let's go ahead and try that. Let's
say new here.
Okay. Um T
and then C here.
Okay. Okay. We're back. We're back.
Claude Max. So, maybe it's just that
I need to kill all these or something.
Oh no.
Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn
so that we can
>> we can earn baby earn.
777 Kenny, good to see you, bro. Mco,
good to see you, dude. My first stream.
P says 777. Kelly, what's up? What's up,
Chessman? 777. Good to see you guys.
Good to see you all. Rate limit. Rate
limit reached. What are you talking
about? Rate limit reached.
I wonder what I count them on here.
Let me go ahead and get onto my um as
you know may know I set up a second
account for open claw
and um
anyways I canceled that cuz I don't use
opus for my open claw.
So, I'm going to go ahead and get back
into my my account that's actually
active and then get all set up on cloud
code because it looks like I am using
my other one.
So, rest in peace Cracker account.
You're gone now.
Login successful. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Not financial advice, of course. Okay,
so let's go ahead here and say launch
launch the app
API error rate limit reach. What the
hell, dude?
No way.
So, let's go to Claude over here. Well,
maybe it's in here as well. Say Claude.
Okay.
Um, settings
usage.
Dude, I cooked myself.
Okay, we're back. We're back.
Model. Let's just change the model to
default to 4.6.
Launch the app.
Guardian Angel saved me already today.
Wow.
All right, we're on 4.6 now.
Hyperlid data layer mundave trading
bots.
What I'd like you to do is look at that
new HIP3
trading bot section we have with the um
currently CL.
Anyways, what I want you to do here is
I want you to build a new type of
scanner and this is going to be called
the breakout scanner. It's going to look
at data
for the past
7 days
and it's going to look for a breakout or
breakdown
of any token. Now, since we have HIPP3
connections as well, we're going to be
looking not only at the crypto data, but
also the HIP3
section. So, at the end of the day, I
want to see a list of up to 10 breakups
and breakdowns that are happening right
now.
It's going to be on 15-minute data for 7
days.
You should be able to get all of that
data from the
API. Let's see here though.
Moonv.com/doccks.
Here you have access to this
HIPP3 funding. HIPP3 market data.
Take data.
Seven days.
You can see you can get the 7-day tick
data no problem here for the crypto
side.
Let me know if you can do the same thing
for the HIP3. I don't know if you can
through the Moondev API. So you can look
at moonv.com/doccks,
but if you can't do that, just call the
hyperlquid API directly for, you know,
15-minute data, 7 days. You should be
able to get that.
I'm going to go ahead and add that to
the server right now. So currently,
currently we don't have tick data for
HIP3 stuff, correct?
Can you look at the top
10 HIPP3 symbols by
by volume
and
can we start collecting that tick data?
Will it hold down our system at all? um
top 10 HIPP3
symbols by volume
based on the last 7 days and those will
be our HIPP3 tick datas and um
yeah
send back a API endpoint and directions
to update the Mundav docs. Thank you.
Okay, so she's cooking on an idea here.
Just a breakout and breakdown bot. Um, I
think this is going to be interesting to
have and I'll show you the rest of it
later. Well, you're going to be here all
day, so just just lock in. I'll show you
everything. Don't worry.
Entered plan mode over here. Now, while
they are cooking, what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go ahead and do some
stats overviews. You saw that little
tease of the extended stats. Okay, she's
cooking.
So, now let me just go ahead and track
all of this.
track all of these results here in my I
have a note sheet that I track them all
in. [snorts]
Count one, two, and three. Let's start
with account one because that seems to
make the most sense
liquidation momentum here. Okay,
grab the equity.
Um,
I need to zoom out a little bit.
Okay, the total volume. And I like to
look at the volume because
it is helpful in um determining
what the Ellie
Where' that number come from?
Star volume of 4 million. Not it.
It's little. Little little little
All right, let's go to account two here.
I got those stats set up here. And she's
clicking over here on the left side.
>> Don't even think about it, bro. Just
keep going. They don't find out who it
was, they going to be on you.
>> So, let's go to account two here.
Okay. New volume is this
and new balance is that
okay okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Then volume. How much how much volume
was that?
Okay.
Lick momentum RP. So, which one is that?
Lick Momentum RP. It's this one. Cooking
GMGM
API keys in the chat.
777. Good to see you, Jacob Kate.
I'm doing pretty good, Russo. It's good
to have you.
I set up Cloud Code so it can use Deep
Seek. Okay,
so I did that with Miniax and then um I
just switched it back though.
Okay, so account two is accounted for. I
have almost an error. Not an error in
the bot or anything on account one, but
my tracking's effed up.
Tracking big mess up, but that's okay.
That happens sometimes.
I get the gist. I get the gist. I get
the gist. All right. So, it looks like
she is
done here. So, perfect. Let's go ahead
and read what she has to say.
So
breakout scanner here scans both crypto
and HIP3 for breakouts/breakdowns.
Crypto pulls the 15minute candles
directly from hyperlquid API for 7 days.
Um, what the hell, dude?
How are you getting it from
the moon API and the other one's not?
Silly girl. Silly rabbit.
How does that work, dude?
It's weird because if you look at the
mundave.comdocs,
I'm pretty sure we have the tick data
for uh non-HIP3 stuff and you said that
you got it for HIPP3 stuff.
Okay, let's go ahead and see what she
cooked because I don't believe it.
You didn't you didn't cook anything with
this one. I can tell. 15-minute candles.
Okay. Found 72. No signal. Okay. So,
this is going through hyperlquid
signals. This is fine, too, though. This
is fine as well. I don't need to use my
API for everything, dude. I don't care.
I just want the data. I'm a data dog.
It's faster through there.
Okay, let's keep this tracking going
here. So, I need to go ahead and get the
total volume because I'm watching the
volume because there's more than just
the P&L. And in my mind for this one,
it's fine.
There's no way had that much volume,
huh?
Maybe I looked at this one as wrong as
well.
[snorts]
I think that's more likely to be it.
That's more likely.
Okay. What's the ballot? Um,
okay.
Okay. Okay. Those are those two are
cooking, dude. Those two are free.
That's free.
That's free, dude. That's free. Okay,
now what's up with this top breakdowns,
breakups,
breakouts, and breakdowns? Could not
fetch for HIPP3. That's what I'm saying,
gang. You silly, silly girl.
Okay, so let's go ahead here and see.
Uh, the breakout scanner is built here.
What it do? So, plus two points signal.
What the hell is this? A breakout
detection engine. Okay.
Donian volume spike momentum.
So over here we have the actual server,
the API that everybody's running right
now.
And you can see here
she built a plan.
So you already have HIPP3 tick data
infrastructure collectors HIPP3 tick
data DB etc. all exists but neither
collector is running. The rest one died
on Jan 29th and I killed it. System
impact is low. HIPP3 data collector. So
we'll grab it for oil. Okay. This looks
good to me. Yeah.
So, this is the API that you're on right
now.
People sending their bots up in here,
dude. It's crazy.
They're throwing their bots up in here.
I don't know why.
Fireflies.ai. Bye-bye. No recording.
This is private stuff, dude.
This is private. Speaking of private,
let's put the live chat, the public on
the ad because this is too private.
There is so much I have to show you here
today. Every single day I'm live, but I
do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundav.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here. And this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I dropped
in the live stream. So you can see I'm
able to see all liquidation levels. I'm
able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm
able to see OKX liquidations,
everybody's liquidations. I'm able to
watch HLP. HLP is Hyperlid's market
maker. I get to see every single one of
their trades. I also get to see every
single um win loss analysis of every
single trader. So you can see this is
trade history of anybody. So I can just
call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and
see exactly what trades they've made and
when they're making trades. This is
stuff this is like a institutional grade
API that will cost more than $1,000 per
month and you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives, and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to moonv.com
and you're going to get a replay of
yesterday's stream, which was $5, and
today's stream. So, it's just five
bucks, and you get all of that. But, you
also get this API key. And I said this
is going to be $1,000 plus per month.
You can see I have a smart money call.
So things that Wall Street is looking
at, I we can all see with this API key.
It's Hyperlid's data layer that I built
because I believe uh it needs a better
API in order to call things faster. I
was building out the quant app here that
is essentially looking at people's
liquidations and I ran into the problem
like I need this data faster. So I
launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the Zooms each day. But again, they're
private Zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever, and just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh, these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh, you can see my stats
there. uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now following me, 100,000
on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only
a small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So, I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider
They put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I I know exactly when they're
entering, when they're exiting, where
they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls
that will go ahead and just keep me uh
into the know of what they're doing.
Plus, every other trader on Hyperlid.
Hyperlquid opened up the financial
system
entire world and before this there was
no way for us to see where people get
liquidated. So based off of this premise
I've built some really great automated
trading strategies and since I am here
now building for the public building for
those 40x hand traders I built the quant
app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this Quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than X amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the Quant app, but I think
the main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a one two percent range,
it's really hard to predict price. So
instead of predicting price, I'm
predicting which liquidation to buy. So
for example, I could say when this guy
gets liquidated right here, I will buy.
So let's go ahead and see how she does
this math.
So single data source, everything calls
through Hyperlid's candle snapshot.
snapshot. Go, go, go. And did this work
here for
top breakouts? I see that, but I don't
see any HIP3 things in here.
Single data sources. Perfect.
Now uses Donian 7day. Okay, so the
breakout math here, she went deeper than
I would have, which is awesome. So,
closes over the upper band, closes below
the lower band. Okay, so those that's
how they're calling breakouts through
Ballinger bands. Then we have Donian
channel 7day rolling high low. Okay,
current high versus current low. Okay,
volume spike volume over 2x.
Okay, RSI.
This is interesting. Rate of change. The
two heavy signals are the core breakout
detectors. BB breach. So Ballinger brand
breach means price is statistically
extended. Jontian breach means it's
literally at a 7-day higher low. Okay.
The keys and everything in the chat.
Shimmying. Okay. Shimmy on your way.
Come on. Let's get it.
Keep shimmying. Keep shimmying. Keep
shaking. Keep shimmying. Keep shaking.
Keep stepping on the gas. Keep baking.
Come on. Shimmy, shake. Do whatever you
need to do. Let's get it, do.
So, here we got the poly market idea
here going as well.
Five minute copy bot. Okay, the main
fivem minute copy bot. This copies the W
whale wallet aka K9 commandant who
turned 5K into 400K. Okay. How it works.
Pulls the target wallet every 10 seconds
for new positions.
Filters to only five minute markets.
Okay. Skipping expired resolved stale
positions. Copies new positions
aggressively. Buys both sides up and
down. Mirroring the targets. Asymmetric
strategy. combining cost under a dollar
per pair holds to expiry
tracks P&L. There's also the course
liquidations bot five minute which is a
standalone
uses mundave API data for 15-minute BTC
up and down
the stat arb idea your concept is solid
and creative here's how I understand
okay so leg one will be poly market buy
the fivem minute up down market binary
leg two would be hyperlquid take a
partial inverse position as a hedge if
you Buy BTC up on Poly Market short a
small amount of BTC purple on
Hyperliquid. What this gives you more
market neutral. If BTC dumps your Poly
Market up position goes to zero, but
your Hyperlquid short profits offsetting
the loss. Optionally, you can unleash
one lag by closing the hedge if you see
a big move or liquidation cascade
forming. Essentially, you're buying
cheap optionality on the fiveminute
markets while hedging with per
asymmetric payoff. The binary markets
have capp downside $1 max loss,
but the per the per hedge can run
further if there's a real move. Key
considerations for implementation hedge
ratio binary payoff is nonlinear versus
linear per so you'd want a fraction not
one
maybe 20 to 50% timing. Hyperlquid
position needs to open close within the
save 5m minute window. When to unleash
liquidation data from hyper uh Mundave
Mundave API could be the trigger to
remove the hedge and let the winning leg
run.
Cost of hedge funding rates plus spread
on hyperlquid eat into the guaranteed
spread from both sides. Want me to start
scaffolding?
Yeah, dude. This sounds pretty good
actually.
Source bots.
Hyperlid breakout
source data breakout scanner
HIPP3 those are separate hyperlquid
so HIPP3 no the API HP3 meta endpoint
returns 404 those symbols are not there.
Okay, this is my bad. Really?
You see this directory here? There
should be a bots then Hyperlid. I want
you to put that folder in this folder
here. It's my bad. I was working in the
wrong environment. But you can switch it
all up. Make a read me of exactly what
we built in this folder as well. So I
can then and then send me the link to
that read me so I can update the other
AI.
I was just working in the wrong
directory.
Be like that sometimes, dude. It's tough
world. You make mistakes. It's okay. Go
ahead and launch that shorty. Thank you.
You going to win some, you going to lose
some, but you live. Fight another day.
It's why we fight with our hands, baby.
Why we fight with our hands.
That's why we That's why we fight with
our fist, baby. Somebody told me they're
going to give me two shots to the chest
the other day. Savage out here.
Like, what the hell? What you mean two
shots in the chest? I fight with my
fist, boy.
Two shots of the chest. That's a threat.
I wish.
Found it both. Okay. So, you found both.
Now, what I want you to do here, this
sounds pretty good, actually. So, what I
want you to do is actually go ahead and
um
yeah, let's go ahead and make a new
folder here. This is going to be called
Poly Hyper folder. And it can be outside
of course, whatever. I don't care. But
you can go ahead and explore this GitHub
here and bring over any keys you need to
bring over because at the end of the
day, I have a bunch of uh trading bots
for Hyperlid that are inside of this
this um GitHub that I'm going to give
you access to here. And you're going to
be able to then go ahead and build this
um this new
this new bot. And it's going to focus
only on BTC. Okay? So when the target
when the guy he takes a trade on BTC,
we're going to follow him. But then
we're going to do 40% opposite on the
other exchange. The other exchange is
Hyperlid. So if we're following this guy
long on uh Poly Market BTC, then we're
going to go ahead and take that limit
short on Hyperlid. And it needs to loop
until it fills. I have literally all of
the examples you need are inside of this
bots folder in Hyperlid. So you can
build
>> negotiate. Yeah,
>> the deal was already made. The deal was
made when I set out at the beginning of
the summer and said, "This is the
training plan I'm doing. I signed that
contract with myself doing." You know,
throughout the that process, you'll
start talking to yourself like I think I
need to maybe if we nope.
>> Non-negotiable, baby. Let's got to
Okay, so she's passing it on over to
her. Okay, so everything is moved over.
Here's the final layout. Yes. Okay, so
I'm going to bounce on you now. Thank
you for your service. I love AI, my guy.
Okay, so you can see we did a little
swifty swap here. I was building the
wrong directory, but then she went ahead
and moved it on over to your directory.
So, you can go ahead and now cook with
this and then let me know how to get the
scanner running. She also said there was
some errors with the HIP3
um data. make sure that this does get
everything set up correctly so I can go
ahead and run this scanner because the
scanner is teing off my next bot here.
Okay, thank you. But we're already
built. We already built we've already
built we're building in the bottom right
as well. So
then in the bottom right
building in the bottom right, top left
everywhere. So you can see here, let me
check the current state of the JSON
files and see what the HIPP3 data looks
like. You can see our server is cooking
as well.
I'm Mundav. I build trading bots chasing
these same ads. Jim Simons ran up a net
worth of $ 31 billion
with I believe codes the great equalizer
though and these people figured that
out. They're real people, real profits,
hundreds of them.
I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm
asking you to trust them.
mundave.com/isord.
Message anyone, ask them yourself, and
maybe make a friend.
What did we build here? Well, actually a
Poly Market
Hyperlid
is what I'm teeing up.
Ah, they cooking on both sides. I love
this game, dude. I love it. Servers up
with all decks discovered. Okay. So, go
ahead and now give me the API update so
I can send it over to my API team, make
it in a easy way that I can go ahead and
have them test it and then I'll go ahead
and have them update the documentation.
Okay. So, send that back to me nice and
um clearly. Okay.
Clearly it's aware, dude. Clearly, it's
a word.
So, we got the triple we got the triple
clock codes going right now.
And look who's back on top of the the
leaderboard. Look who's back.
Lookie lookie.
All right. So, I'm grabbing all this
info from the HIP3 tick data server,
whatever update. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get
it. Hyperlquid data layer. Let's bring
her over here and let's say, hey,
shorty, go ahead and test these new
endpoints. Okay. After you test them, if
they all work, then add them to the HIP3
section of the documentation.
Okay, thank you.
I love AI, dude. Just love it.
95 cryptos and 36 HIP3s.
131 active s symbols. Much better.
Much better. Much better. Better and
better every single day. Better and
better. That's all we can ask for is
better and better.
We got the triple. No, we only got
double going. No, we got triple. We got
three going. We got three going.
How's my Solana doing down here? My
Solana bot that is running. And we
should have made her better today. I
think we did. I want to go ahead here
and um
Okay, you have access to all of that.
You're good to go there.
So, they're all cooking for me right
now.
I love this game, dude. I just love
being able to come up with the ideas and
then she goes ahead and executes them.
You can see this is our old one. Okay,
so Poly Hyper. Nice. So now we have a
poly market hyperlquid bot and that's
going to be cool dude because I'm seeing
all these stat not stat arbs I'm seeing
all these um poly market bots going and
I love st because it allows you to be
delta neutral
and who wouldn't want that? Some people
don't like that because they want to
make bajillion dollars overnight. Yada
yada. Okay, that's fine. But I'm not
trying to make a bajillion dollars
overnight.
Just not
John Arnold made $3 billion.
Jesus, dude.
He joined Enron in early 20s and quickly
moved on to the trading desk. By 25, he
was
trader at the biggest energy trading
firm in the industry. His trading book
made Enron $750 million in 2001 alone,
earning him the largest bonus in Enron
history.
When Enron collapsed, Arnold didn't go
down with it. He walked away, took his
bonus, and founded his natural gas hedge
fund.
Over the next 10 years, Centurus had an
annualized return in excess of 100%.
Damn.
During the Amaranth Advisor collapse in
2006, Arnold was on the other side of
the trade. Damn.
Damn, Daniel. Damn.
He was dubbed the king of natural gas by
2007. He was the youngest billionaire in
America.
Then at the peak of his career, he
walked away.
Arnold recently sat down for a rare
in-depth conversation where he broke
down the traits.
Detach from emotion.
It's
>> tough, bro. note that fear and greed can
certain certainly my personality but in
terms of traits you know here's what I
would offer is my traits um number one
is
>> um and this detachment from emotion
>> so there's a lot of talk about fear and
greed drive markets and to the extent
that fear and greed change your process
the more you can remove those emotions I
think the better uh I think there is a
component of first and that's certain
certainly my personality but
it developed was back at it again 79.
Look how much more training I had done
starting at right. So now you do that
and as the years go on the separation
that you have with your competitors,
your peers just grows larger and larger
and larger and larger and larger. By
year five or six, doesn't matter what
kind of work they do in the summer,
they're never going to catch up.
This should make it so it's I don't know
maybe not. So 10 is the minimum on
hyperlquid. So we do need to increase
the size on poly market. That's my
point. Um
I want to test some things though. Like
obvious I don't want to do one one to
one. I know that. But what is this? This
is like I want I would like to try 40%
to start.
By 40 I mean 80. [laughter]
By 40 I mean 80 if you know what I mean.
It's like 50% here, 50% there, which is
actually 80% if you look at 100% of the
50%. You know what I'm saying? Other
people probably don't understand me, but
that's okay.
So, I kind of picked 10 and 15 randomly,
but I don't think that's actually 80
40%.
So, let's start with that the 80 40%
here. Whatever the math is there, it's
like what 12 to 10 or something.
Okay. So,
uh be an inch wide and a mile deep in
this. it was find this niche and try to
be best in the world at it and don't
expand the focus. Yeah. And so it was
North American gas and power. Um at some
point you know LG started to become
relevant and put a small team in Europe
but mostly for information flow for the
North American gas and power group. uh
there were numerous opportunities to get
into oil to get into metals or
agriculture or start trading energy
equities for instance and every time
considered it thought stick with stick
with the niche and just focus here and I
think the upside was yeah if we were
successful if if that plan worked and we
were best in the world it was going to
be enormously profitable the downside is
that the in the business plan I
developed was
be an inch wide and a mile deep in this.
It was find this niche and try to be
best in the world at it and don't expand
the focus. Yeah. And so it was North
American gas and power. Um at some
point, you know, LMG started to become
relevant and put a small team in Europe.
>> I think I watched that twice. My bad.
>> Um being on the perfect point of the
confidence spectrum. So you have
>> we'll go through that later.
Got to stay locked. Appreciate you
sharing that with me.
Done. Here's the update on sizing.
Polyark 15. Okay.
40% hits the minimum exposure 25. Okay.
The head is now fixed at $10 on
hyperlquid. then calculate from a ratio
so it's clean and you always know
exactly what's going on. Easy to tweak.
Yeah. So sometimes when we put $10
trades in on Hyperlid you round down and
that makes it like $9.99. Just make sure
never round down. If anything you round
up to 101. Okay. Thanks shorty.
All done. Here's what I did. Test it
all. End points returns 10 symbols with
categories. Okay, good. Raw ticks. Okay.
Open high, low, close, volume, candles.
Okay. Let me ask this question here for
you, Shorty. Hey, so I got a question
for you. Um, with tick data on crypto
side, I know we we're saving 10 10
symbols of tick data on the um
HIP3 side.
How many are we calling on
the crypto side?
Yeah. Tick data wise.
So question for you. Question for you
shorty. So um
did you push it? Go ahead and push that
live. It's not what I wanted to ask you.
This is just the wrong person to ask.
So, so 166 on the crypto side tick data
versus 10 on the HIPP3 side. Okay. So,
let's go ahead and give her this. So,
I'll explain this to her now.
I actually have to explain it to a
couple people.
You can see here that we now collect 166
symbols on the crypto side.
And
we'll only look at those top 95 that you
found. And then we will only look at the
um
10 symbols we have tick data here for on
the Mundev API. So what this is going to
do is it's going to turn all of our data
collected into Mundev API. You can go to
mundab.com/doccks
in order to understand how that works to
collect the tick data,
but um I want you to update this to only
have the 95 cryptos and then the 10
HIPP3s all through Mundev API. And yes,
the HIPP3 stuff is new, so there's only
like 10 minutes of data and it's going
to be 20 and then 30 and 40. So use what
you can, you know, if it doesn't have
enough data, then you're just going to
go ahead and um
yeah, let's just back fill it. So when
it doesn't have the seven days of data,
we're just going to have it go call the
uh
hyperlquid API. Okay, for the other
stuff, we should use the Mundev
API data. You have all the instructions
here. the moon.com/doccks doesn't quite
have that updated yet, but I will update
it now. So, go ahead and build this.
Thank you.
Okay, so let me get to the moon dash
moon.com/doccks.
I need you to make this update and make
sure that it's very clear that it's only
the 10 symbols on HIPP3 for the tick
data
because these are the highest volume
symbols. Okay, thank you.
So, let's go ahead and give her all of
this is from the node directly. So, you
have access to a hyperlquid node now
just because you locked in for a short
short time. So, good job, bro. Good job.
You got the key and everything. And if
you don't have the key, I'm about to
drop it again because I'll drop it every
few minutes because I know people come
in and out. So much love to you. 777
pushed live. So we now have this live on
that GitHub. So this is my only public
GitHub. Everything else is private. Why?
Because I'm a quant dude. Nobody shares
this stuff in general. So why am I going
to put it all out for free? I'm not
I'm not I'm not my two private GitHubs
are private just for some people in this
chat.
Hyperlquid data layer is a public public
thing. So I do have open source. This is
open source and I just updated it here 3
minutes ago. So you have access to this
GitHub. Where? Well, go to the
moon.com/doccks
and click GitHub and it should take you
there.
Hyper liquid stat
poly market.
Okay, Mundave done. Math. Seal.
Beautiful. You'll hit the 10.01 instead
of the 9.99.
Beautiful, shorty. All right. Sweet. So,
what's the full path to run this ho?
So, she's going to rewrite these files
here, and I'm going to go ahead and cook
this.
You're gone. Oh, I wanted to see if this
works, too. Nice, dude. Very very very
subtle update I made there, and it it it
just ruined me so many times. I'll tell
you just because I said it. But if I'm
over here and I need to click, like I'm
clicking into this AI over here, I'll
click it, right? Like I'm not in the app
right now. I'm on the browser. I'll
click the app and be meaning to kill
this instance. So I'll click it and then
I'll hit command CC. But in the past, I
would have to click it again to
highlight it. So just these subtle
updates, this is just going to get so
sick. So if you're coding with me, if
you code anything like me, I'm building
this exactly for how I code. Dude, my
biggest problem here was, you know, cla
code sick. But how are you going to tab
through and try to find all your quad
codes? I don't know about you, but that
was killing me.
That was slowing me down so big.
So 29,467
need to remember that.
Okay.
[snorts]
Push live. Okay. Done. Okay. And this is
the bot here. So this is what we built
already today.
>> Naturally skill is only developed by
hours and hours and hours of beating on
your craft.
>> Hours and hours and hours.
double check that it doesn't print out
any keys or public private keys in this
uh print out and make sure that the
printouts are fun, nice and use term
color in order for me to be able to
visually engage with this and understand
what's going on. I obviously need all of
the necessary information printed out in
the terminal. Thank you.
but no private keys, EMVs, etc.
Okay, so I'm about to run this up here
in the top.
Okay, let's see here.
Volume snapshot. Okay, everything's
working now. Here's the summary. Volume
snapshot 64 cryptos plus 10 hips. 74
symbols of SN scanned. Okay. Filter to
only symbols. Mund API tracks 129 track
top 50% by volume. Okay. All 10 symbols
from Munda API. Okay.
Volume snapshot crypto symbols cross
reference with the Mundab API. Breakout
scanner. Okay. So, what's the full path
to the breakout scanner? Can you give me
the full path to the breakout scanner?
Thank you.
Okay. And then I'm going to go ahead and
say update here. And I'mma bring this
over here. And then I'mma go ahead and
put her I'mma get her a buy here. I'm
going to say TFL, bro. And then I'm
going to say
I'mma say that. Copy path.
Okay, now I have copy path. Now let's
run this new scanner we built because
this te's everything off. You can see I
already built a stat in the bottom
right. I already built a sty bot, dude.
I built a sty bot today and we are
teeing up for this breakout as well. And
this isn't your your grandma's breakout
bot. This is your AI's breakout bot.
Doesn't work though. So, you know, [__]
is what it is. [__] is what it is. Okay,
you can see we got a little bug here. Go
ahead and fix it. Thank you, Shorty.
Okay. So, clean, no keys, nothing. Okay.
Let's go ahead and see what that uh the
uh
the path is.
Send me the full path. Thank you. God,
that is the laziest thing you could ever
do. And I do it often.
[laughter]
I do it often, dude. I've done it like
six times today.
It's embarrassing.
Run it,
Ethan. What are you talking about? Come
on, boy. What are you talking about?
Okay, dude.
You have all the examples in the world
over here. So, um I don't know what to
tell you, bro.
Lock in. That's all I got to tell you.
You're the goat. I'm here for you.
You're here. I'm here. We're here. But
that was that's a silly mistake. TFLO,
bro, we're in there. Okay, CD. Okay,
we're I've done my part. I've done my
part. I can't do anything else. I can't
do more than that. I can't do more than
that because here, let's give her a bot
that's actually
connected. Connected. Um,
yeah, dude. This should be fine. Well,
that's that's that I mean that's uh
HIPP3.
Give her a good example.
I'm cooking you guys on the leaderboard.
By the way,
I knew you didn't want to compete.
No one's going to save it, dude. Ain't
nobody going to save you, dude. You
can't compete. [__] in.
Okay, now we're scanning all 64s. Look
at this breakdown on ETH. Really? For
real? For real?
We'll look at that at the end here. Look
at that at the end.
Yeah, dude. I knew that was a I didn't
know I didn't know. I didn't know that
was a problem. But I never use Python 3.
Why do you even use that is my question.
Hyperlquid key not found in ENV. Okay,
let me go ahead handle that. So this is
in poly market trading bots. Okay, so
let me open that up. Code dot.
So if you don't have the code dot locked
yet, you got to get that locked, bro. So
let's go over here to the env
here. Website back testing course poly
market main polyhyper. Okay, polyhyper
env here. Okay, I need to get my key and
my EMV. So, what kind of key does it
need? Well, it sold it told me right
here. So, let me go ahead and say
hyperlquid key.
Hey yo, shorty. I I done told you.
Please go ahead and bring it over. But
that's okay. I'll do it myself. I don't
want you snooping in there anyways. So,
let's go to Mundave Trading Bots. I'm on
my EMV. So, this is very scary to me.
I'm very scared right now. Let's go to
ENV here. Okay. Hyperlid key. Okay.
Save that up. Okay. Now we're in there.
Swimwear. Let's go ahead and close all
of this so I never open the EMV key
again. Okay. Let's run it back.
Checking USDC. Poly market USDC. Yeah.
So, we're cooked, dude.
current account value.
Is that fact though?
No, it says I have 70 to trade here.
H.
So, this must be getting the wrong
cuz it says zero on Hyperlid and zero on
Poly Market.
So, make sure on Poly Market that you're
using the main account, not like
account, not like one of those sub
accounts.
You could look at like my no market bot
to see what account that's using. use
that one because right now it's showing
that I have $0 in my poly market
account, but I have 70 cash
portfolio of 546.
And then let's see what might be going
on here. Let's go ahead and fix that
first off
and then see what may be going on here
with the hyperlquid one.
H
the current account value. Let me go.
Maybe I was using a different account
cuz I could have sworn I had this set up
to be mine. I'll figure it out.
app.hyperlquid.
Tricky part is I can't log on to either
of those while I'm on stream.
run it again.
God, it's still cooked. Dude,
you have my liter. You can see the
account right there.
Don't run with the if everyone is trying
to solve the same problem whole people
that's the latest greatest thing to do.
Don't do that. Do something original.
Don't follow that.
Yes, that's correct. It's not raw. It's
in Poly Market.
All right. Well, I might lose you for
half a second.
I got to get this handled. So, if I lose
you, I'll be right back.
We still here. Zoom. We still here?
So, she's working on that error, which
is nice.
Hyper polybot.
All you really got to do is look at my
no market bot to see how we get the on
poly market balance. So we can then just
do that. Okay. Thank you. [snorts]
Let's see if this works now.
Total exposure 24 per day poly market
portfolio balance hyperlquid cash. So
almost almost
getting closer, but you can see that it
doesn't get my cash still. So it says I
have 470 balance, but in reality, Dad, I
have that plus the cash. And you can see
the screenshot on Poly Market here. So
go ahead and fix that. Thank you. What
the hell? And the no market bot should
show exactly how to do this. Thank you.
And if it doesn't, go ahead and look at
one of the other bots.
Iterate by yourself on this until you
can see my cash of $70. Okay, thank you.
And then once you figure out the
problem, go ahead and implement in the
polyhyperbot. Thank you.
Perfect timing.
And then let's go here to poly market
code dot
and change this up a bit. Oh my god, my
API my key is open.
Let's see if this gets this new account
on. I just switch my accounts on
Hyperlid.
Should be at least some cash in there.
Checking balances.
I really go to 128.
Interesting.
So many so many hype accounts, dude. So
much hype around here. So many hyper
accounts, dude. I thought that was a
different one. Okay, this one's fine.
This one's fine. This one's fine, my
guy. This one's fine. We'll use that
one. Okay.
done the fix. Instead of checking
onchain USDC, which returns zero, it now
checks the club get allowance. Okay,
let's see if this is all set up because
if so, then we've built what we wanted
to build. No way.
[__]
Let's make sure we're good everywhere
here as well
because remember we built out that
breakout scanner. That's going to be
very, very nice for me.
So, fix both issues. Let's go ahead and
see if she fixed them. Dude, you can see
breakout scanner. py. Okay. So, I'm
looking for all the different breakouts
here. BB breakdown. Okay.
So, ETH, it says it's in a breakdown.
Wow.
ETH here
on the 15 minutes, I guess. Technically,
technically, technically,
technicalities.
Oh, and what I'm going to do here is I'm
on the VV right now. So, I'm going to
jump off the Vivv
because it's chopping. So, if I lose you
here, I'll be back
cuz you know, you know, you know how it
goes here in crypto land. Oh, I can't
trade there. I can't trade here. You
can't trade then. I'm not a financial
advisor.
You can see I'm low on USDC here. I
think it's time. I think it's time to
add a little bit more cash to my um
whatchamacallit.
I'm going to add just a little bit of
cash here because I think it's important
to keep this going.
>> Afraid to die on a treadmill. [snorts]
You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on the treadmill together, right,
[clears throat] there's two things.
You're getting off first or I'm going to
>> and die.
>> It's really that simple.
>> Quite simple, dude. Quite simple.
So, I'm just going to go ahead and keep
running it up because the way I look at
this Solana stuff, I know it I know it's
Solana season is not here. I get that.
But I'm doing it for us. I'm doing it
for me. I'm doing it for me. But
at the end of the day, that's how I
justify going a little bit harder is
because if I am paying
couple hundred bucks a month here to
have a scanner on Solana to see what is
actually trending.
This I this was very very profitable
when Solana season was here. So, my
justification is if I'm paying a couple
hundred bucks a month to have this
Solana scanner running and buying tokens
early and seeing what floats to the top,
then it's not just for me. Yes, it is
for me. All this is for me, but
I believe Co's great equalizer. So, I
share it all. I share it all. So, I can
take L's here on the Salonabot side to
see what's actually trending to the top.
And if I look at this each day, I'm not
saying any of this is going to make you
money, but it's like m it's a
multiplier, right? It's not me just
looking at this stuff. It's everybody's.
So, I don't know. I I'll stay locked
with Solana because
there's nothing more fun than that,
dude. There's nothing more fun than soul
season. I'm sorry. I optimize for fun.
I'm going to start all these over. These
are multiple bots here I have running
and incubating and I'm starting them
over because I've jumped off the VV a
couple times here. Jumped on and then
jumped off.
I need to go claim a bunch of cash here
on the these Polymarket bots, but again,
I got to jump back on the VV to do that.
So, I'll go ahead and do that after this
so they can keep going. But yeah, dude.
I think we finished this. Let's see.
This timed out because I broke it. So,
let's go ahead and run it back. This is
our scanner setting up for tomorrow's
breakout bots that I want to build.
Today, I wanted to build this stat R
bot. And I feel like we have
[__] is you can see break up 7-day new
high RLC plus 27 ZRO this one asked her
break down. Okay, so there's all types
of ideas I can pull from here.
Glad you're here. Much love to you. I'm
glad you're locked today because I'm
locked every single day.
And I'm down to show you everything.
Python still revolves in base. You need
the full path.
What the hell are you? What? What am I
even doing, dude?
I don't even know what I'm doing here.
So,
just got to cook it.
Python run it.
So I run these no market bots from this
Python environment, the Tflow
environment. So they should work. Um, it
seems like now that we're combining the
Hyperlquid and the Poly Market that
they're breaking,
please fix.
Hi, I entered a bit late due to work.
Can I get the API key? You can. A lot
late, but not a Definitely not a bit.
Definitely not a bit, but welcome.
Definitely far far from a bit. Actually,
this is a bit close to the end.
But you made it. You made it. You made
it.
Let me see if I can answer any questions
here. Uh, I'm just going to be debugging
this here. So, I'm going to get it fixed
and running here. Um, this here, the
scanner is ready for tomorrow's spots.
Break down.
Okay, these are breakdowns.
Break out, break up,
and then how is this doing?
Zero if you're trying the hyperlquid
back fill. Okay.
I need a little more information here on
these HIP3s to be real with you.
Can you add a little bit more
information here when you see the um the
HIP3s using the back fill? Like I don't
know what it's doing from here. Is it
analyzing? Did it see nothing? You know,
poly balance.
Let's lock in. Bro,
this isn't a hard problem.
Go ahead and iterate till it's fixed.
Okay, perfect. So, now this is going to
give us a little bit more information.
And this is the breakouts.
Who are the people that post studies to
the quant elite? What's their research
process? Their research process is my
research process. I hire those people.
They're on my team. They are quants that
are going through this. They're going
through papers
across the internet, going through
videos and coming up with trading
strategies from those and writing them
nice and concisely for me. But I believe
CO is great equalizer. So I share them
with you, anybody that is willing to
dive in if you truly want bots trading
for you for the rest of your life and
not have to worry about the ins and
outs.
This channel here are strategies broken
down from PhD papers, YouTube videos,
podcasts. I hired these quants to do
that for me. And then they take it to
the next level and they post code based
off of these strategies that they write
and give to you so you can automate your
trading.
They give them to you and I. I just have
them put it in a public forum for us.
So,
I don't know. Just sometime some days
you wake up and you just don't have any
ideas for yourself. So, just jump in
here, grab one of these ideas. It's a
starting point. Get your brain going.
It's kind of like I don't know,
sometimes you don't want to go to the
gym and all you got to do is go to the
gym and you'll start working out.
Some days you don't have the inspiration
or the idea of a strategy to test out.
Okay. Well, here's all of the papers
that are hard to read
broken into nice short strategies and
then those strategies are back tested
and there's also like bunch of code I
put in here bots and stuff. It's
essentially where I drop all my code
that in the GitHub. So, let's go see
Hyper Liquid Stat ARB Poly Market.
Now, it'll work no matter no matter
what. Yeah, let's see about that. Dude,
this seems like a little uh Miniax
problem, dude. Are you Miniax? Are you
Miniax? Because you acting like Miniax.
[__] bro.
Kindly, I ask you to lock in
at a high level. What strategies are you
currently running? The highest level
you're going to get, dog, is watching
over my shoulder. Nobody's going to give
you a plug-and-play bot. Nobody's going
to tell you their edge.
This is the high level. You pay five
bucks to come see the high level. You
want the details? That's something
entirely different.
Obviously, can't just sit here and teach
all day. So, I don't I don't even try.
through that video that shows you my
system the that I follow in order to
come up with profitable trading bots
that trade for me 24/7 365 while I
sleep. You can see we now have this bot
finished here today. So the stat art bot
is live. We are good to go. Now I will
take some time to answer the chat. I got
a lot of work to do today. So, I'm going
to stay locked, but let me go ahead and
um answer the chat as you guys did find
me somehow and you guys are stepping on
the gas, dude. So, I love to see it. I
love to see it and I'll answer any
questions that you have here in the
chat. Let me go ahead and scroll up
because I know I built
>> Imagine you had everything you wanted.
Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
Capture that feeling.
That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
>> All right, I'm scrolling to the top.
777, good to see you. Kenny Kelly P,
good to see you. Amco, throw 777 if you
guys are still locked here today. Artell
777, good to see you. Ingrid, scrolling
up to the top. Make sure that I answer
all questions I do see here. Hi, Mundev.
How are you? I'm doing great. Rosas, how
are you? Thank you for logging in today.
Thank you for dropping that bash script.
Ingrid.
Uh, you can see here this bot is running
fine now because I did add a little bit
of cash. Where can I get the API keys? I
think I already answered that. LFG777
K A N. Jacob Timmy Pwell, we're locked,
dude. Arnold, hi. How you doing, dude?
Everybody's got the API key. Good
morning, Dev. I'm new to this. How long
do we have access to the API? Get to
learn to the content uh in the road map.
you have 24 hoursish, but sometimes it's
longer because I don't come back the
next day. Um, I bought the AI master
classes going through YouTube. Is there
a way to get lifetime API key if I don't
want to join the full course? Um, the
only way to get the lifetime API key is
this. I don't have the time. I'm chasing
Jim Simons, the $ 31 billion man. I've
got enough profitable bots. I don't need
your guys' money. If you want everything
I have, including the API key,
wondab.comgo,
get your trading bots live. At the end
of the day, I'm gonna help you get bots
live.
Even if you don't know how to code, I
I'll I'll help you get your bots live.
Have live trading bots for the rest of
your life that trade without emotion.
That's why I teach you in the algo trade
camp. The AI master classes shows you
how to use AI like I do. Do all the
heavy lifting. Solana, you're able to
build on Solana. It's important. You got
to be able to build for all platforms.
You saw me build for Poly Market today.
Solana, Hyperliquid.
This is just the fast track, dude. You
can see what's on here. It's
moonv.com/go.
1795, which is a crazy price because
this is literally five years of my
knowledge and secrets to get you caught
up to speed with me as quickly as
possible. So, the way I look at it is,
is your five years of tinkering worth
1795?
Yes. And I've been doing this for 5
years and I've had intelligent engineers
telling me where to go and what to do
this entire time. I've had people from
Jim Simon's firm come in here and give
me ideas.
Your five years and my five years are
not the same. But you have an option to
get everything I know here. Short
concits videos. And you were just asking
about the API key. So I wanted to show
you this API key is no joke. $10,000
value for obvious reasons. If you go try
to buy the liquidation data from
somewhere else, it's going to cost you
900 a month and for 12 days I give you
18 months. Both my GitHubs here, Moonv
App Access. You can see what other
people have to say. Um, I'm going to be
here every single day stepping on the
gas, just getting further and further,
making more and more separation from
everybody else.
You can make the decision if you'd like.
I got to get back to work.
>> [snorts]
>> Let me keep answering some questions
here.
This is cool and I'm excited to get all
of all this up and running.
He says, "Is my energy better spent
inside the course first to get a better
understanding of everything or should I
be here picking up the latest stuff?"
Uh, I would say to answer your question,
where should you spend your time? If you
are, if your goal is to get live trading
bots trading for you 24/7, then
definitely spend your time in the
course. And if you understand everything
that's in the course and all of these
mini courses and all the code, if you
understand all that, I've gotten a bunch
of questions today like, "How do I get
caught up to speed?" You'll be caught up
to speed with me and then these Zooms
will make much more sense. So definitely
uh join or if you're not in it already,
that's how you get up to speed. And
since you are in it already, definitely
spend your time
on learning and then you can go ahead
and then understand what I'm actually
doing today. How do I set up everything
what I see? Um Arnold asks, "How do I
set up everything?" Again, I'll defer to
this as I can't teach this every day.
I'm chasing Jim Simons, the 31 billion
dollar man. You know, this is
moonab.com/go
here. And you can get caught up to speed
with me if you want, but I'm locked
every day and I'm just going to get
further and further away. If you want to
get caught up to speed, that's fine. If
not, that's fine as well. There is a
90-day money back guarantee and a couple
payment options. You can pay with cash,
crypto, credit, etc. If you need to
split into two payments, do that.
See if there's any other questions here.
who are the people that post in the
strategy section. Those are my team of
quants. You have access to everything
now. So now I have this bot running here
today and then we also have this here uh
this scanner that is kind of teeing off
tomorrow. So you can see no signal.
Okay, perfect. So it does get the sign
signal for HIPP3 and also it gets the
signal for crypto. So now I have a
scanner that is running 24/7 365 looking
for breakouts not only across crypto but
across futures stocks etc. That's pretty
amazing.
And today we built a somewhat of a
statistical arbitrage bot. It's going to
be longing on one place and shorting on
another one. Please, can you reply to my
email for the member key? Still be here
every day.
Yeah, if you're part of the lifetime
art, you got the member key. I'll send
it to you here soon. I hope it hasn't
been too long. We got a team sitting
there. I mean, could you tell me
actually how long ago you emailed? I
just want to make sure that that is not
falling too slow. So, how long ago did
you shoot us an email?
Want to make sure that team is tight. I
don't handle it, but I, you know, I
obviously oversee the team. So, you can
see that this is selling right now, the
Solana bot. I think it's important to be
able to trade across all markets. That's
why you see me building today for Poly
Market, Sana Extended, and Hyperlid.
This is crazy. Do you share your Poly
Market strategies in your full course?
in my full course. This is lifetime
access to everything and I go over four
different Polyarket trading bots here
inside of the Poly Market trading
course. So everything you've seen me
build today is stemmed from what I teach
here in the Poly Market Trading Bot
course.
So there's four full bots and the whole
goal here is not to give you a
plug-and-play make a million dollars
overnight. I think that's stupid. I
think it's all fake. If somebody says
they're going to give you a
plug-and-play, that bot is going to zero
because it's just math. Check out
something called ask AI about alpha
decay. But what I can do is teach you
how to build bots with your ideas across
all of these platforms. So, Poly Market,
Solana, Hyperliquid, Coinbase, Binance,
whatever. And then you could go ahead
and learn or be able to build anything
for the rest of your life. So, it's like
the whole premise of give a man a fish,
he'll eat for a night or teach a man how
to fish, he'll feed his family for the
rest of his life. So, if you want live
trading bots that run 24/7 like you've
seen today, this is the option.
Moonab.com/go,
that's just answering your question,
simul. Um, another question here in the
public chat. How many agents do you
have? How many is necessary? I have an
agent for anything that I need to do
that is repetitive. So, today you saw
one of my agents pop up here. Here's my
guardian agent. It's always looking at
my computer in order to see when I'm
running out of resources and it saved me
at the start of today. We fixed it.
Okay. I have other agents running that
are listening to my voice and coming up
with ideas based off of what I actually
do each day. And that's pretty fire. So,
what I'm doing and then also I have
agents that find good parts of these
these uh lives and turn them into short
parts because a lot of people ask for
short videos. But how can how can I make
short videos? I'm Mundev. I build
trading bots chasing the same ads Jim
Simons used to build a net worth of $31
billion.
But I believe code is the great
equalizer. And these people figured that
out. They're real people, real prophets,
hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to
trust me.
I'm asking you to trust them.
mundavv.com/isord.
Message anyone. Ask them yourself.
Become a friend.